Mysterious Plum Griffin

High

# `uninviteUser` Missing `whenNotPaused` Modifier

### Summary

The `EthosProfile::uninviteUser` function in the EthosProfile system allows an inviter to revoke invitations they previously sent. However, it lacks the `whenNotPaused` modifier, which means the function can still be executed when the contract is paused. This could allow for unintended state changes during an emergency pause, where all mutation functions are expected to be inactive to protect the contract's integrity.

### Root Cause

The `EthosProfile::uninviteUser` function does not include the `whenNotPaused` modifier, allowing it to bypass the contract’s pausing mechanism. This oversight permits invite-related changes even during a paused state, which contradicts the intended purpose of a pause to prevent all non-essential state changes in a compromised scenario.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-ethos-network/blob/main/ethos/packages/contracts/contracts/EthosProfile.sol#L258

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The `whenNotPaused` modifier is meant to restrict access to state-altering functions during a paused state.
1. The `EthosProfile::uninviteUser` function should follow this practice, especially as it makes state changes to the invite list and invite availability.

### External pre-conditions

1. The contract system is paused, either due to a security incident or other administrative reason.
2. An inviter account attempts to call `EthosProfile::uninviteUser` during this paused state.

### Attack Path

1. The system enters a paused state for maintenance or due to a potential vulnerability.
2. A user with an active invitation revokes the invite via `EthosProfile::uninviteUser`, which is processed despite the paused status.
3. This bypasses the pause mechanism’s intended control over mutation functions, potentially allowing for unexpected or disruptive state changes.

### Impact

Allowing `EthosProfile::uninviteUser` to bypass the paused state compromises the system’s integrity and security during emergency situations. This issue increases the risk of unauthorized or unintended state modifications, undermining the contract’s protection mechanism in a paused state.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add the `whenNotPaused` modifier to `EthosProfile::uninviteUser`, ensuring that the function cannot be executed when the contract is paused. This change will align the function with the pausing mechanism's goal of preventing all mutation actions during compromised scenarios.

```solidity
function uninviteUser(address user) external onlyNonZeroAddress(user) whenNotPaused {
```