Spicy Nylon Cormorant

High

# Compromised addresses cannot be restored

### Summary

In the `registerAddress` function of `EthosProfile.sol` the case where a deleted address is re-registered is not handled adequately. As a result, an address that has once become compromised will fail to ever be uncompromised, contrary to the developer's intentions: [' you may restore your own previously deleted address...'](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-ethos-network/blob/main/ethos/packages/contracts/contracts/EthosProfile.sol#L386).

### Root Cause

In [`registerAddress.sol:388`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-ethos-network/blob/main/ethos/packages/contracts/contracts/EthosProfile.sol#L388) The validation is handled incorrectly. This is how the validation when registering addresses is currently handled:
```solidity
    // you may restore your own previously deleted address,
    // but you cannot register an address that has been deleted by another user
    if (profileIdByAddress[addressStr] != profileId && isAddressCompromised[addressStr]) {
      revert AddressCompromised(addressStr);
    }
    (bool addressAlreadyRegistered, , , uint256 registeredProfileId) = profileStatusByAddress(
      addressStr
    );
    if (addressAlreadyRegistered && registeredProfileId != profileId) {
      revert ProfileExistsForAddress(addressStr);
    }
```
As we can see from the developer comments, users should be able to restore, a previously deleted address. However, this is currently impossible, as the deleted address, aiming to be restored, is never removed from the `removedAddresses` array, nor is their `isAddressCompromised` value reset to false. This also affects the `checkMaxAddresses` function as an address will be included in both the `removedAddresses` and `addresses` arrays.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. An address is deleted from a profile through `deleteAddressAtIndex`.
2. Later the address is attempted to be readded, however, they will remain in the `removedAddresses` array and will still be compromised.

### Impact

If an address becomes compromised it cannot be restored to the previous state.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Make sure that the scenario where a compromised address is restored is handled correctly.