Rapid Wool Fly

Medium

# Griefing: A compromised address within a profile could invite additional addresses, potentially maxing out the profile's total allowed invites.

### Summary

_A compromised or untrusted address within a profile can still invite other addresses via `EthosProfile::inviteAddress`. Although the function verifies that the invitee is uncompromised, it does not confirm the inviter’s status, allowing a compromised address to make the invitation._

### Root Cause

Ethos Network’s profile system requires an invite from an existing profile to create a new one. This invite ID can be provided by any address associated with the inviting profile. However, a compromised address, despite being marked as such for security reasons, can still issue invites, which could pose a risk to the integrity of the profile system.

A compromised address is able to invite additional addresses to create profiles due to a missing validation check in [`EthosProfile::inviteAddress()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-ethos-network/blob/main/ethos/packages/contracts/contracts/EthosProfile.sol#L210C1-L210C83). This omission, combined with the bulk-invite functionality in [`EthosProfile::bulkInviteAddresses()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-ethos-network/blob/main/ethos/packages/contracts/contracts/EthosProfile.sol#L248C1-L252C4), allows the compromised address to issue a large number of invites, potentially exhausting the profile’s invite capacity.

Each newly created profile receives the default number of invites set by `defaultNumberOfInvites`. Once the attack is carried out, the profile will temporarily be unable to send further invites. Although other legitimate members within the compromised profile can attempt to remove these unauthorized invites, the inability to bulk uninvite them creates a unique challenge.

The invited addresses must accept the invitation and create profiles. Completing these actions confirms the invites, making it impossible for users to be uninvited.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Compromised address calls  `EthosProfile::bulkInviteAddresses()` to invite multiple addresses at a time.
2. Invited profiles accept profiles.
3. The total number of available invites is max out and the profile is unable to send out invites until the admin increases the total number of available invites allowed for the profile using `EthosProfile::addInvites()`.
4. Upon the increase of the limit, the compromised address executes 1 again

### Impact

The Profile will be unable to send invites to other addresses to create a profile on the network.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

_No response_