Mammoth Teal Aardvark

Medium

# Profile owner can't archive or restore the reviews if he/she is not the creator of the review

### Summary

An ethos profile can have many owner addresses. For instance, multiple addresses can control profile `Alice` if those addresses are claimed by the profile. Ethos works profile based social network and if an address has permission to control a profile then he should be able to do any action in the system. But this is not the case while archiving and restoring the reviews. 

### Root Cause

In [Ethos Reviews Contract](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-ethos-network/blob/db37b9dc2b792e245eb683d8a956bcb7ef2f1a27/ethos/packages/contracts/contracts/EthosReview.sol#L287C3-L332C4), archiving and restoring actions are checking the `msg.sender` in order to validate the action. 

```solidity
  function archiveReview(uint256 reviewId) external whenNotPaused {
    (bool exists, ) = targetExistsAndAllowedForId(reviewId);

    if (!exists) {
      revert ReviewNotFound(reviewId);
    }

    Review storage review = reviews[reviewId];

    if (review.archived) {
      revert ReviewIsArchived(reviewId);
    }

@>  if (review.author != msg.sender) {
      revert UnauthorizedArchiving(reviewId);
    }

    review.archived = true;

    emit ReviewArchived(reviewId, msg.sender, review.subject);
  }
```

This validation is incorrect because it should check whether the address has a permission to control the profile or not. 

We also know that addresses can be compromised and can be removed from the profiles. Let's check following scenario:

1. Profile Alice has two addresses 0x1 and 0x2
2. Alice created a review for a profile using address 0x1
3. 0x1 is compromised and Alice removed 0x1 from the account
4. Now she wants to remove her review but she can't because she doesn't use 0x1 anymore

> Note: Actually compromised addresses can still make those changes but it's related with another issue. I am assuming it's solved in here.

#### Second scenario

1. Profile Alice has two addresses 0x1 and 0x2
2. 0x1 is compromised and created a comment on behalf of Alice and attacker archived the review
3. Alice removed the address 0x1 but she can't edit or restore the review from the account anymore


### Impact

Medium - Those reviews should be able to be removed by the owner of account using different addresses. Those reviews are attached to her profile and in given circumstances it's not possible

### Mitigation

Instead of checking the `msg.sender` check the `profileId` as `edit` function did

```solidity
if (review.authorProfileId != authorProfileId) {
      revert UnauthorizedEdit(reviewId);
    }
```