Striped Amber Bird

Medium

# EthosProfile.sol :: deleteAddressAtIndex() adds an incorrect address to removedAddresses.

### Summary

The **`deleteAddressAtIndex()`** is intended to remove a specific address from a profile. However, the issue is that it incorrectly adds the last address in the list to the **`removedAddresses`** array instead of the address that was actually deleted.

### Root Cause

In its final step, [deleteAddressAtIndex()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-ethos-network/blob/979e352d7bcdba3d0665f11c0320041ce28d1b89/ethos/packages/contracts/contracts/EthosProfile.sol#L435) calls **`_deleteAddressAtIndexFromArray()`** to remove the address from the main addresses array and add it to the **`removedAddresses`** array.
```Solidity
function _deleteAddressAtIndexFromArray(
    uint256 index,
    address[] storage addresses,
    address[] storage removedAddresses
  ) private {
    address addr = addresses[addresses.length - 1];
    addresses[index] = addr;
    removedAddresses.push(addr);
    addresses.pop();
  }
```
This function uses the common pattern for deleting an element from an array. However, it mistakenly adds **`addr`** (the last address used to overwrite the removed element) to **`removedAddresses`** instead of **`addresses[index]`** (the address being deleted). 

This error can cause unexpected behavior, such as having active addresses appear in both **`addresses`** and **`removedAddresses`**.

### Internal pre-conditions

None.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

The issue originates directly from the code itself.

### Impact

An incorrect address is being added to the **`removedAddresses`** array.

### PoC

The previous sections demonstrate the error.

### Mitigation

To resolve the issue, apply the following code change.
```diff
function _deleteAddressAtIndexFromArray(
    uint256 index,
    address[] storage addresses,
    address[] storage removedAddresses
  ) private {
+   address deletedAddr = addresses[index]
    address addr = addresses[addresses.length - 1];
    addresses[index] = addr;
-   removedAddresses.push(addr);
+   removedAddresses.push(deletedAddr);
    addresses.pop();
  }
```