Spicy Nylon Cormorant

Medium

# Invalid reviews can be created

### Summary

When a review of an attestation is added the caller must provide the `attestationDetails` variable, which includes two strings: the account and service. The struct is used to derive the hash of the attestation for which the review will be added. The issue is that when the hash is derived from the values `abi.encodePacked` is used. It is a commonly known issue that [if you use `keccak256(abi.encodePacked(a, b))` and both `a` and `b` are dynamic types, it is easy to craft collisions in the hash value by moving parts of `a` into `b` and vice-versa.](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html#non-standard-packed-mode:~:text=If%20you%20use%20keccak256(abi.encodePacked(a%2C%20b))%20and%20both%20a%20and%20b%20are%20dynamic%20types%2C%20it%20is%20easy%20to%20craft%20collisions%20in%20the%20hash%20value%20by%20moving%20parts%20of%20a%20into%20b%20and%20vice%2Dversa.)

Thus, the reviewer will able to provide incorrect account and service values than the actual, but still add a review to a valid attestation.

### Root Cause

In `getServiceAndAccountHash` when deriving the attestation hash [`abi.encodePacked`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-ethos-network/blob/main/ethos/packages/contracts/contracts/EthosAttestation.sol#L435) is used on two strings:

```solidity
return keccak256(abi.encodePacked(service, account));
```

Thes the hash for different combinations of strings may be the same.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. There is an attestation with an account: 257724631 and service: x.com.
2. A user can add a review with an account: 2 and service: 57724631x.com but still add a review to the attestation.




### Impact

Users can create reviews with invalid attestation data.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Use `abi.encode` instead of `abi.encodePacked` in `getServiceAndAccountHash`.