Rare Berry Swan

Medium

# Lack of Signature Deadlines Allows Malicious Reclaiming of Attestations

### Summary

The lack of a deadline on attestation signatures will cause unauthorized reclamation for the current profile owner as previous account holders or unauthorized parties with old signatures can repeatedly reclaim attestations.

### Root Cause

`EthosAttestation::createAttestation` does not set a deadline for signatures, allowing use of  valid signatures anytime. This creates a vulnerability where past or unauthorized users can reclaim attestations by using stored valid signatures without time restrictions.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-ethos-network/blob/main/ethos/packages/contracts/contracts/EthosAttestation.sol#L191

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

1. A past owner of a Web2 account associated with an attestation generates and stores valid signatures before transferring the account.
2. A malicious actor with access to web2 account generates signatures before the real owner claim the account back.

### Attack Path

1. A malicious actor who plans to sell his account or an hacker who has access to account for a limited time, generates multiple valid signatures for an attestation associated with their Web2 account.
2. The new user claims the attestation by providing their own evidence and signature.
3. The malicious actor uses their stored valid signatures to reclaim the attestation at a later time, effectively taking control over the attestation.
4. This process can repeat as long as the malicious actor retains unused signatures.

 

### Impact

The actual Web2 account owner suffers from unauthorized reclaims of the attestation. The malicious actor does not gain a direct monetary reward but effectively denies the legitimate user control over their attestation, causing reputational and operational harm to the actual user.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Implement an deadline check for signatures, ensuring that only recent signatures are valid for attestation claims